Comments to the author (if any):
Reviewer #1: i. literature review is shallow
ii. future scope is missing
iii. all abbreviations should only be used after their first definition
iv. section should present the methodology algorithmically
v. novelty of the proposed work should be established by comparing the same with comparable work
vi. citations establish the credibility of a research work but have been poorly used.
vii. language is poor and grammatically incorrect
viii. dataset sources and appropriate citations are missing
ix. sections break directly into sub-sections breaking the continuity of the manuscript
x. all equations have not been numbered uniquely and referred in text.
xi. In your own interest, you are also advised to refer relevant papers, of your domain, published in previous issues of BJIT at https://link.springer.com/journal/41870 and cite few of them. This will not only improve quality of your work but will also facilitate us to better decide the scope of your paper.
xii. sound literature review in tabulated form would be desirable to perform meta-analysis of available work and establish ground for proposed work
xiii. abstract should be rewritten in short and crisp notation to highlight the novel contribution of the manuscript, it should avoid stating any facts that require to be cited. The abstract should be an objective representation of the article and it must not contain results that are not presented and substantiated in the main text and should not exaggerate the main conclusions
xiv. Springer Nature does not credit AI as a co-author, authors should thus resist from usage of AI-generated text, images and tables.
xv. For publication of papers, under Subscription Mode, we do not charge any Publication Fee, whatsoever, upto six pages. However,
if the length of the paper exceeds six pages , after it is typeset by Springer, Extra Page Charges (EPC) shall be applicable @ Rs. 2000/- per page (B&W) for Indian authors,
and USD 100/- per page (B&W) for International authors, to be paid by the authors to get the paper included in the
specific Vol/Issue and printed in Hard Copy of the journal. Actual number of pages shall be
informed to the author (s), after the paper is typeset, post acceptance, by the production team of Springer
